Add example for deleting hooks (#14)
zeit/integrations: delete-hooks-redirect-uri/README.md

# DELETE Hooks - Redirect URI example

> Integrations that require OAuth credentials need to set a Redirect URI. If a user removes a configuration for such an integration sometimes is useful to do some cleanup tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a ZEIT Integration using the Redirect URI. This example is very based an do nothing other than printing some messages to the console.

But it shows how you can handle the DELETE Hook request when the user remove the Integration configuration.
Using that, integration can implement clean up tasks like deleting created databases and so on.
```

This example UiHook demonstrates how it can be handled.

## Run Locally

Install NPM dependencies with:

```
npm install
```

Then run this UiHook locally with:

```
now dev -p 5005
```

> Then [create a ZEIT integration](https://zeit.co/docs/integrations) and set the Redirect URI to: `http:///localhost:5005`

Reviewer: We need to expand this section.

```suggestion
## Create the Integration

Create an integration by logging in to the [Integration Console](https://zeit.co/dashboard/integrations/console).

Then set the "Redirect URL" to `http://localhost:5005`.

Leave the "UIHook URL" field blank.
```
